(docs) Document the control repository pattern (#814)
puppetlabs/bolt: pre-docs/control_repo.md

> # The control repository pattern

Reviewer: I think 'Directory Structure for Plan Development' or somesuch might make more sense, then introducing the concept of a control repo in the first few sentences with a link to the Puppet control repos. As a new user, I wouldn't know what a control repo is or that I should look for this.

Author: Ok. I can explore coming from that perspective and add the history as an aside.

Author: I kept this section pretty much unchanged, but added a bunch of context around it.

> The control repository pattern is useful for creating a project that contains your tasks and plans - along with declaring modules they depend on - for others to run. It's based on the idea originally [developed for Puppet](https://github.com/puppetlabs/best-practices/blob/master/control-repo-contents.md) of a repository that acts as a single location for an organization's configuration. The base example can be found [here](https://github.com/puppetlabs/control-repo).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The control repository pattern is useful for creating a project that contains your tasks and plans - along with declaring modules they depend on - for others to run. It's based on the idea originally [developed for Puppet](https://github.com/puppetlabs/best-practices/blob/master/control-repo-contents.md) of a repository that acts as a single location for an organization's configuration. A basic example of a control repository with Bolt content can be found [here](https://github.com/puppetlabs/control-repo).
```

Author: That's not what's there though. The link was to an existing repo with an example Puppet control repo.

Reviewer: Oh jeez, sorry, I thought this linked to the azure repo.

> In Bolt, the control repository can also act as the `Boltdir`. To do so, add `bolt.yaml` (it can be an empty file) to the root of the repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Bolt, the control repository can also act as the [Boltdir](https://puppet.com/docs/bolt/1.x/configuring_bolt.html). To do so, add `bolt.yaml` (it can be an empty file) to the root of the repository.
```

Reviewer: That was the best place I could find explaining what a boltdir is - should we give it it's own page or include a more full explanation of what it is?
